---
layout: post
title:  Ornate E
tags:
- Story001
- Chapter001
---

The crane head groans as it begins to clamp together, ripping up the soil, destroying the recently idyllic lakeside.  It appears this could be the end for our gentleman, beheading by crane being an interesting way to go out, but some answers beforehand would have been nice.  But about a foot before the crane edges reach his neck, it ceases, instead it rises into the sky.  The mans eyes dart around, trying to find something to help him understand what was happening, finally they settle on a small pattern on the outside if the crane.

It appeared to be an ornately patterned letter 'E', whilst it is mostly squiggles around the edges, they do give a sense of wings coming from the sides of the letter, and a circle surrounding the letter (with the wings, it appears to be a a kind of Snitch motif).  Other than the assumed connotations of flight and magic, there is no real meaning to the rest, it is just adorned in many elegant squiggles above and below (the style of sky/waves?), done with the artistic sensibility of someone with lots of money opting to choose flamboyance over meaning.  As his eyes settle over it, he relaxes a little, not really knowing why, what with having no actual memory of such an emblem, but he somehow feels that this is where he is supposed to be, and that he should, at the very least, make it onto the ship above in one piece.

A smile crosses his face, the sort of smile that gives the impression of relaxation, and that the spark of a plan is beginning to form.  The plans final missing piece comes into play shortly after, as in the distance, he sees a dot rise over the trees, darting towards the lake.