---
layout: post
title:  Bob the generic Zombie
tags:
- Backstory
custom_excerpt: Part of the sidepiece "Backstory - a selection of backstories for people/characters you never knew/cared about"
---

## Bob

It was a Tuesday morning, and the cream DAB digital radio beside him was playing, a hand flopped down onto the manby buttons scattered across the top, fumbling and pressing everything it could until the noise ceased. Bobs eyes opened from the rest he had been enjoying, he rose from the large double-bed which he had now been sharing with his wife for 10 years.  Middle-age had crept up on him like mouldy milk, one day all was fine, the next there were lumps and repulsive smells which he was adament had not been there before.  This realisation had placed him in a foul mood all week, he wasn't out of love with his life, but did dream of the olden days when he was a young financial adviser in the middle of New Yorks financial centre, drinking and partying, and looking forward to an unknown and exciting future.  Now, he had 2 teenage children he adored, and a wife that worked hard.  Then there he was, being shuffled around between jobs, trying to keep the flexibility he needed to pick up the kids when they demanded, yet get the money in to pay for the holidays they had all become accustomed to.

As he rose from bed, he walked through the house, in a strange daze all morning, going through the rituals of the morning eating breakfast quietly in the kitchen, greeting the family, being ignored by the kids, heading to the car, turning on the engine, and heading off of the drive.  As the engine started, he flicked on the radio hoping to catch the traffic news. All he could tune into was static, sometimes there was lots of shouting, probably from some rock radio station, and so he decided to take a right turn, and go through the main streets, hoping that the traffic would be clear enough to drive through, as opposed to his usual route around the outskirts of the towns.

The route was a dull trail through the suburbs, building after building of characterless and soul-less buildings, towering over him as he drove within their indefensible trench, he was alwasy waiting for the buildings to make their move, to do whatever it was they were planning from their lofty heights.  But nothing happened, nothing ever did, no matter how detailed the personification he tried to instill on them whilst he drive past, it was just going to be another boring day, soul-less just like the buildings.  It was a predictable life he was leading, with an known future laid out before him.  He would age, he would eat meals, he would pretend to be nice to people, and eventually, he would watch only recordings of 'classic' shows, as he would lose all interest in "the modern tripe these kids watch".

As he came to the and of the industrial trench, he slowed up at a gridlock up ahead, sighing loadly even though no-one could hear him.  Once stopped, he craned his neck out of the window, and tried to see up the road, hoping that he would see something, especially as hearing anything up ahead would be impossible over the roaring of the engines, and insessent horns of other drivers who seemed so sure that their anger would get them to their meaningless offices sooner.  All he could see ahead though were more cars, and the green traffic light.  He drummed his fingers on his steering wheel, wondering how much older he would be by the end of this queue, and whether it would make a difference to anybody.  Bob placidly leant across to the glove compartment, hoping that there was some snack left in there by the kids, maybe a chocolate bar, or some slightly soft crisps. As the glove compartment fell open with a crash, out fell everything inside, food, drinks, rubbish, manuals, CDs, tapes (which was strange as the car could play only CDs), and a few scraps of paper.

He reached down to one of these scraps, a battle-worn photo of him and his family, taken only a few months ago whilst just down the local restaurant.  There was food, they had taken games, and the staff had asked them to leave after the third game of ticket to ride, claiming that they needed the table for the evening customers.  It was a great day that they had all enjoyed, and it was often talked about during more reminiscent moments over the dinner table on a Sunday.  As he slid the photo into his shirt pocket, there was a crash against his car, he looked up, seeing someone trying to climb over the bonnet, as though he was the most exciteably windscreen washer the city had created.  Bob, his moment of happiness ruined, opened his car door and stepped out.

As stepped towards the washer, speaking in the same stern tone he used as his kids were growing up, the car washer looked up, his eyes bloodshot and full of hate.  Bob was unsure what was happening, whilst he had heard all about road rage, surely it didn't manifest itself in this sort of general, indiscriminent hatred.  Bob stepped backwards, about to head back into his car, but before he could complete his backstep, a weight pressed against his right shoulder, slamming him forwards into the side of his own car.  A blunt, piercing pain shot through his neck, as though something had ripped through his skin as he was knocked to the chassis.  He saw the guy on the bonnet scramble over towards him, nothing too fast, but even so, there was a lustful hunger in his hatred too. Yet the man was caught in his tracks by whatever had attacked him, the squeals were the sort of noises you would hear on a wildlife documentary, where 2 hyenas are fighting over a meal.

Bob turned and saw the two fighting, his attacker was just another crazed driver, this time a woman, but the same hatred was dripping from her eyes (aswell as there being blood dripping from her mouth, as though someone had punched her in the face).  Bobs legs shook, he was scared sure, but that wasn't it, his body was shutting down.  The mark on his neck was burning as though someone had poured vinegar into the wound for fun.  As he sat on the road, he reached down to the photo of his family, the memory something he didn't want to forget.  He was sure now he would die, there was no-one around to help.  All the other cars were empty now, everyone had either run away, or were in a similar situation to himself.  At least he would die with this memory, he had lived a good enough life, and the moments that were happy had made it all worth it, all frustration over the last week was washed away as though it was just dust on the surface.  He say there, hoping that his family knew this, and wishing he could see them one last time to say so.

His eyes slowly began to shut, and as they did so there was only one image left burnt before his eyes.  The family photo, and a strong desire to head back to his home so that he can see them again, and let them know how he truly felt...

## Basis

* [Types of Zombies](http://zombie.wikia.com/wiki/Types_of_Zombies)